Good Morning, and God bless you, my Brother.

I am emailing you the information you asked for to complete the website. I will send you the picture via text message because I have not uploaded it to my computer yet. Below, I have provided everything else. Please do not hesitate to contact me if you need more from me.


2. Content Change:
-Section One, 
"Faithful Fences is a family-owned business built on faith and the love of Christ. Here we look to protect what matters most to you while we exhibit God's love through us. We work hard for our community, and we are dedicated to providing service every time you call."
-Contact us today for your FREE ESTIMATE! Protect what you love with a Faithful Fence today!
DeAndre D. McLakes
(Will provide new number)

-Section Two,
Carousel: 
Faithful Services,
We provide honest services and work hard for our clients. Community is our outreach!
(Picture One)

Family-Owned Business,
(Keep as is)
(Picture Two)

Because We Care,
We have almost every service your fence needs, and we will answer the call for service every time. We are here to help.
(Picture Three)

Section Three,
See What We Can Do For You!
-Primary Services-
Fencing,
(keep as is), Fencing options range from customizing your fence protection, fence cleaning, fence removal, painting, and staining. Everything fencing!

Retaining Wall,
(keep as is)

French Drains,
(keep as is)

Landscaping,
(keep as is)

Pressure Washing,
Both high-pressure and soft wash machines are used to clean what you want to see.

Section Four, 
Need Fencing?
We will provide basic or custom fencing options to meet the needs of our unique customers. Call today to have your fence built with faithful hands.
(Picture Four)

Need Drainage?
(keep as is)
(Picture Five)

Need Additional Services?
Although fencing is our primary service, we are here to help however you need. We tear down and remodel fences, build from scratch, paint, stain, and clean fences. We provide pressure washing services and soft wash services, as well as mailbox installation and lawn care services. Call your Faithful family-owned business today to see how we can exhibit God's love through us today!
(Picture Six)
